Update python.md (#14857)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/python.md

      text: 'Advanced Usage'
---
## Compatibility requirements
The latest Python Tracer supports CPython versions 2.7 and 3.5-3.10.

> For a full list of Datadog’s Python version and framework support (including legacy and maintenance versions), please visit the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full list of Datadog’s Python version and framework support (including legacy and maintenance versions), read the [Compatibility Requirements][1] page.
```
